**Below are unsorted snippets of random things**

If you are doing creative work then to some extent, sure, I think it could be a
good idea to try to write down some of your thoughts about the task at hand from
your perspective. 

What's that quote about how the originality of your ideas being dependent on
the obscurity of your sources?

What is the utmost of subtlety?

I remember the time in my life when as a teenager I would go to a record store
to listen to music and decide which CD I would buy. I could afford to buy one CD
per month. I was building my collection slowly this way. Then later because a
lot of strange and complicated reasons I started lend/leasing compressed files
through a platform. I did this through monthly subscription which coincidentally
is the same amount I paid for that one CD a month when I was a kid. They say you
can listen to any music through this platform but I know that's not true. The
platform being there and seeming so very unquestionable has led to people
attempting to game it. The blandest, most chill music is being made in the hopes
that it will be included in playlists marketed as containing the best music to
sleep to. The ultimate state of utility for music which is then to be unheard,
at least consciously. It would be there to sooth and lul you back to sleep if it
was interrupted perhaps is the thinking. When fractions of pennies per play are
offered to artists by the all encompassing platform then whole nights worth of
plays is where the money is. Especially when you multiply it by the platform
preferring to peddle the good that is the playlist by use of algorithms. The
data aggregated from the entirety of the platform's users dictates that this is
the most chill music to sleep to. The resonance is inevitable. Feedback
eventually rips everything apart. Ouroboros clenches it's own tail, spiralling
ever downward in convolution and the most chill unfelt agony that is never
learning of the great width and breadth of the provable infinite capacity for
variety that music holds.

Money pays salaries, funds nonprofits, buys art, funds grants. Does it matter
where it comes from? What makes certain money acceptable or not acceptable? Is
it: How it was made? Who it comes from? What is given in return? What it is
going towards? Our ethics and internal math may vary, but the question is
omnipresent.
https://thecreativeindependent.com/events/good-money/

Tell the story of how you heard as a child that the reason Hollywood scores in
general and strings in particular can sound so distinctly Hollywood is because
of the secret that they produce an amalgamy of the real and the fake. Forging the
two into a stronger material than either of the two on their own could ever be.
Perhaps even then I had the thought, or at least an ungraspable sense, without
knowing the word, inexpressible but profoundly experienced. The hyperReal.

The Daft punk story is crazy.
Everything was recorded onto analog tape in rarified recording palaces like New
York's Electric Lady and LA's Capitol Studios. Human spontaneity was coveted;
computers, with their tendency toward mindless repetition, were not.

“Technology has made music accessible in a philosophically interesting way,
which is great,” says Bangalter, talking about the proliferation of home
recording and the laptop studio. “But on the other hand, when everybody has the
ability to make magic, it's like there's no more magic — if the audience can just
do it themselves, why are they going to bother?”

Ryan Dombal's Daft Punk interview for Pitchfork that came out in May 2013 is
riddled with descriptions of the interviewees affluence. We are told a story of
success through appearances. I imagine the article had the opposite of the
intended effect on me. I love the idea of democratising the means of
production.

"Round Robins are a method of recording a number of performances of the same
sample so that when playing repeated notes in fast succession you don't get
“machine gunning” a rapid repeat of the same sample that gives the game away
immediately."

This quote taken from a SpitFire Audio manual for a percussion sample library.
If you decide to keep this then you should find it.

All that can be heard is real. Only imaginings of sounds are unreal. Sonorities
yet to heard. There are fictions. Narratives exist. We live alongside our lores.
There are stories that we tell each other, and that we tell ourselves. Admitting
the impossibility in knowing even one self. Certainly not each other. Definitely
not culture. We are all choosing to live with these stories even as as we make
increasingly feeble attempts at that loftiest of goals of understanding,
all the more likely settling for ways to cope as we are strung along by each other.

I trace the story of the impossibility of viewing all of the stones held
within Ryōanji from any vantage point to John Cage.

Complexity must not be a goal in itself.   
Strive to increase utility of information. 

In the notion of the real talk about IRL and conversely AFK and the promise of
The Public Internet and how the commercial internet is not that Stallman dream.

The task at hand is mainly organising sound. My ambition is to present a number
of materials, both in thought and in music. In doing so I hope to "tune" the
listener's perception of the musical works held within the project through the
means of text in order to allow for the possibility of greater immersion. 

Music appreciation is subjective. Who'd a thunk it?

Every academic discipline is defined by the questions it chooses
to ignore.

**Links**
Masahiro Mori - The Uncanny Valley.pdf
(https://www.tiny.cc/mcx44y)

Bunraku:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bunraku)

The folks dressed in black in Bunraku:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuroko

Daft Punk interview:
https://pitchfork.com/features/cover-story/reader/daft-punk/

The curséd sampler bit:
https://web.archive.org/web/20181206110547/https://seattle.craigslist.org/sno/msg/d/possibly-cursed-emu-sp1200/6761989886.html

Notes on the origin of the phrase "Nothing is true, everything is permitted."
https://my.vanderbilt.edu/jefftaylor/publications/origins/

The Pine cones are magic bit: 
https://twitter.com/CryptoNature/status/1032808690292797440

Great source:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8t08zWBKyg

Hard finding a good one where someone is actually working with the machine:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-DhUoI-vCY

Define hyperReal: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperreality

Marky Mark tells it like it is:
http://www.markfell.com/wiki/index.php?n=Mf.Manitutshu

Use this GAIKA text another example of alternative histories and their potential:
http://www.dazeddigital.com/politics/article/37533/1/the-spectacular-empire-by-gaika

The Believing Game:
https://github.com/danielmkarlsson/library/blob/master/Peter%20Elbow%20-%20The%20Believing%20Game--Methodological%20Believing.pdf

On obscurity of sources:
http://www.theprofessionalcreative.com/obscure-birthplace-of-originality/

Jean Baudrillard's "Simulacra and Simulation" (notes/reflections):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pupLQd3SRms

Gene Kogan (Künstler/Programmierer, New York): A tiny history of AI and knowledge asymmetry
https://vimeo.com/195689761

**Notes**

I searched for the Varese quote in Libris. _We_ are the source. He never said
it. At least not those exact words in that sequence. I'll try to construct a spiel
about how matter how hard I try I can't make the sock-puppet say the exact words
in the exact sequanece I want it too.

The Enlightenment List of the scopes might be a bit much?

Do the hand wavey Algorithmic Composition Evangelism about exploring massive
parameter spaces without falling prey to confirmation bias because it was a lot of
work. Spending time making tools and then using those tools more than once. In
contrast making no tools, making everything bespoke for that piece and then at
the end of it the piece is done but then when you start again there's that blank
page staring back at you like before.

Be mindful about the difference between the overarching narrative that is my life
and what quite separately is the scope of this project.

Write about the chronology of events regarding the creation of the works within
the project.

Time needs to be fixed.

Provide .wav examples of Linn Drum and FM four operator samples.

Strive to connect things. Look for the connections backwards through the text.

Prove that you know what things are. Electronische Musik and Kontakt and
even SuperCollider?. What about writing to have my text be read by someone like
me? 

I think this was more about functional vs. OOP.

Mimer & the machine hall and the church feels unconnected still maybe even now?

Explain what liveCoding is. 

Explain the difference between functional programming and object oriented
programming.

Read The believing game again and decide where or not to include any of that.

Also Nick Srnicek's Demand the future.

Expensive gear is a barrier to entry.

The portability of a laptop is a necessity when life is precarious.

Seize the means of production here means: 

Don't get caught up in consumption! <br>
Use the laptop you found in the tech trash room! <br>
Write code! <br>
Share it! <br>

Make sure uses of affect and effect are correct

Philip K. Dick's "Counterfeit unrealites" is a collection of four novels.
Undoubtedly the most known of which is "Do androids dream of electric sheep"
which was later adapted into Blade Runner.

I'd like to try to fit the story of the Japanese poetry group around year 1000
who allowed each other to take new names every decade or so to start each decade
with a fresh voice. To become the resplendent new. The untainted eye. A new
voice through which to speak about new perspectives. As many times over as they
wished for as long as they lived and wrote. That story is maybe where I'd like
to go. To get to a point where I feel free to reinvent myself as an artist as
often as I like.   

In last part: 
Place: Make the case that a piece of code can be thought of as sculpture or as a
place. What are some examples of nice places? The stone garden is a nice story.
The shopping mall is another place. Not as nice a place I don't think. Then
again, I've never experienced a stone garden. The stone garden only exists in my
imagination through having been told stories.

Mark Fisher - Capitalist realism quotes: 

the suspicion that the end has already come, the thought that it could well be
the case that the future harbors only reiteration and re-permutation. Could it
be that there are no breaks, no 'shocks of the new' to come? Such anxieties tend
to result in a bi-polar oscillation: the 'weak messianic' hope that there must
be something new on the way lapses into the morose conviction that nothing new
can ever happen. The focus shifts from the Next Big Thing to the last big thing
- how long ago did it happen and just how big was it? 

So long as we believe (in our hearts) that capitalism is bad, we are free to
continue to participate in capitalist exchange. 

The protest impulse of the 60s posited a malevolent Father, the harbinger of a
reality principle that (supposedly) cruelly and arbitrarily denies the 'right'
to total enjoyment. This Father has unlimited access to resources, but he
selfishly - and senselessly - hoards them. Yet it is not capitalism but protest
itself which depends upon this figuration of the Father; and one of the
successes of the current global elite has been their avoidance of identification
with the figure of the hoarding Father, even though the 'reality' they impose on
the young is substantially harsher than the conditions they protested against in
the 60s. 

Page number on 25 is 21

We the audience are not subjected to a power that comes from outside; rather, we
are integrated into a control circuit that has our desires and preferences as
its only mandate - but those desires and preferences are returned to us, no
longer as ours, but as the desires of the big Other. Clearly, these circuits are
not confined to television: cybernetic feedback systems (focus groups,
demographic surveys) are now integral to the delivery of all 'services',
including education and government. This returns us to the issue of
post-Fordist bureaucracy. 

the most powerful forms of desire are precisely cravings for the strange, the
unexpected, the weird. These can only be supplied by artists and media
professionals who are prepared to give people something different from that
which already satisfies them; by those, that is to say, prepared to take a
certain kind of risk. 

It means recognizing that the goal of a genuinely new left should be not be to
take over the state but to subordinate the state to the general will. This
involves, naturally, resuscitating the very concept of a general will, reviving
- and modernizing - the idea of a public space that is not reducible to an
aggregation of individuals and their interests. 

Nevertheless, what did happen in 2008 was the collapse of the framework which
has provided ideological cover for capitalist accumulation since the 1970s.
After the bank bail-outs neoliberalism has, in every sense, been discredited.
That is not to say that neoliberalism has disappeared overnight; on the
contrary, its assumptions continue to dominate political economy, but they do so
now no longer as part of an ideological project that has a confident forward
momentum, but as inertial, undead defaults. 

Nothing is inherently political; politicization requires a political agent which
can transform the taken-forgranted into the up-for-grabs. 

<br>

Think about making the track list as an appendix also maybe the code as an
appendix. 

Maybe use just the last piece of code as an example in the prose.

A more precise explanataion of what I've changed in Willats's Diagram.

Right cursive for Willats and Lacanianan

Code and even maybe track list as images with right centered cursive.

Make more airy readability by creating subheaders in The Cyber is Huge.

Expand your thinking on the pervasivness of The Platforms.

Weak subheader in Uncanniness.

Maybe expand Mark Fisher MySpace thinking in some kind of caveat about when he
wrote it.

foot notes on the page in the print version.

Every quote needs a little syntax number.

No br's in paragraphs!

In On Uncanniness which dictionary.

Prove questions being raised about algorithmic bias by providing a few articles.

Add intro to State is immeasurable.

Export your diagrams to .pdf and revert to .md then use that to generate the
LaTeX.

Write the dialog with The beliveing game!!!

Expand the show info.

The Feynman quote is on page 248 in case you need that.

Put a short line about magical thinking being a cognitive distortion in there.

Make subheaders for starts of passeges.

Make gnu a link on the first page and expand the before 02 passage to include
Stallman evangelism.

Demonstrate bit rot at first instance, using the mark fell home page.

Read aloud to put in more commas.

Talk briefly about the music itself in Why should we listen.

The willats image needs an intro.

Put about about how the sutiudi is graet because from ax to loaf in contrast to
the spiel about the the conductor scor thing sucks.

Write a spiel about machine to man after Stay. Explain it!

Fylkingen = National venue for weird music.

Link to Kurzgezagt videos for Dyson and computronium.

Explain how links work and the thinking behind.
